Update code-of-conduct.md (#536)
chaoss/community: governance/code-of-conduct.md

# CHAOSS Code of Conduct

> This page is a placeholder for the code of conduct page in the governance repo. The actual code of conduct is maintained at the .github level at the following link:

Reviewer: Maybe something like this, which is more explicit than calling it a placeholder?
```suggestion
Participation in the CHAOSS project is subject to our Code of Conduct, which can be found in our .github repo at
```
